feat(chronograf-cli): add TLS ciphers and versions (#1593)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.8/tools/chronograf-cli/_index.md

|:---------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------|
| `--cert` | File path to PEM-encoded public key certificate            | `$TLS_CERTIFICATE` |
| `--key` | File path to private key associated with given certificate | `$TLS_PRIVATE_KEY` |

> | `--tls-ciphers` | Comma-separated list of cipher suites to use. Use 'help' cipher to print available ciphers. | `$TLS_CIPHERS` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--tls-ciphers` | Comma-separated list of supported cipher suites. Use `help` to print available ciphers. | `$TLS_CIPHERS` |
```
